hey lady keep away from the ring nice
watch what am I talking too fast for you
okay sister you're leaving now what
about a wager yeah on what those boys in
the ring
what are their names look lady come on
what are their names
okay guy was the tattoo Zach the one
with the headgear is Carla that's more
like it
I bet all the cash in my pocket against
your fancy gold watch the tie can pick
the best fighter do you have 200 joules
smart mouth yes okay you're on
hey you two lady here wants to bet on
you taking each other match up and just
be glad I don't make you throw in your
fancy gold chain too don't push your
luck lady
so who do you want to lose your money on
Zach looks like a good movie
yeah take it now get out my legs feel
stronger
you
do you need any help I'm looking for
someone named of Bouchard no this is
just a herb Ernests we stopped medicinal
mushrooms and herb or describes so he
isn't a customer of yours customer you
know would you like to purchase
something I'm told there's a story about
a doorman in this area do you know it
the doorman is bouchard's bodyguard find
him and I find Bouchard yes probably
what would I need money a password who
would know the right password I'm afraid
I can't help you there okay thanks
anyway
you